and Chad totem and echo slam I think
it's a BKB temper game to be honest is
really good and Weaver Reapers like
tickling aww Couroc this is bad
alchemist City middies keeping caught
the acids right and now they go they
dropped us pray they're channeling the
studded it will be first blood Lanham
claims this DK to me syndrome they're at
their best when they are roaming early
on we've seen fantastic lion roaming
from mmy edlin can get a three-man coil
and has a little warm as well the tpn
from ice ice ice here we go double coil
will jump in silence on three a lot of
damage in the follow-up no echo swim get
a propensity say sighs all the way one
more playful freedom down but sneaking
the trade did he buy the Midas I believe
he got it in time it's all spirit Oh
Baby it's gettin it's gettin hot in here
or coming through fog caught out in the
trees well he's dead the question is
does the bait he came to a bad
engagement with the ward shop they now
drop them and I posted the black hole
comes instantly canceled by M my
beautiful reactions now 1437 plays the
fisher just a bit too late and now mu
she's on the hunt he orbs through to the
tree line he's not going to find anyone
waiting there and huge mistake i sighs
nice is in a really good position he
don't even have black hole and now I
know you're trapped oil broken instantly
the stunt an excellent one hits forty
three times in the chain from bouncy to
and bro braids down another two and
they're on the run at this point they've
got to get out of the pit Roshan's even
working for DK toward Ash's Croc and the
follow-up is there it'll be a way for
kill secure for burning and now an easy
road three kills maybe make it more bog
thought out nowhere to run nowhere to
hide should be fully next and snaky will
try here he wants at least to get mushy
for steam he's got the vision and he's
going to come into this hill the mana
pool is low for mushi and he's got the
plug tip-tippy tube down the creeps are
trying to save him kitty blink out he
can't stay king will get the kill but it
comes it looks like at the cost of a
roach and it goes the burning as just as
he gets the ages he kept saying hero
when they might also just me those there
we go oh my god damn it almost kills
them off by himself and now the coil and
across they found their opening here at
the earthshaker they want the
Earthshaker they'll get croc will fall
no creek shaker for you sir says DK now
temperature 80° deep as ice ice ice and
they only get the one killing of the day
but they will back off content for now
they well they won't go for fog mushi he
come into the shotgun follow from birdie
fighting that kill as well that was done
under 1437 and once again it's I say
sighs into the bridge fishing for an
opening black hole no longer available
itself doesn't matta for good soul race
but it wouldn't matter they're hurting
it back to the base he'll never make it
down he goes now I'll just make it one
more i think they'll fall as well inside
ultra kill for mushi the CD road works
its magic a DK strike back at the 11th
hour now mushi just waiting he's got his
opening and they go in for her life was
quicker they cut X with a big echo slam
that's not to the follow-ups there ice
ice ice may also fall it's a twofer nail
to start this and Liam's gotta run while
Bernie pushes in the bottom side of the
map even though they lose to it seems
they may find their trade regardless but
tears pretty nearly taken out but what a
beautiful cat or initiate that was by
cora on mid lane as well move she's
going to get hexed up and there's a
shekel as well that's another kill it's
good but ice ice ice returns they have a
black hole can they find the opening
1437 for step the wrong direction just
into the middle of the fight while
Bernie BJP's pursues outs taking say
what's a bug they want the waiver can
they finish the job this stuns their to
follow up one more chop it comes through
and down he goes I feel Navi us played
that perfectly sin and still they lose
their Weaver they lose their shaker they
had to blow the echo slam in the wards
bonus he is probably I would say almost
certainly more important that they work
but he's definitely like that and I'm
vibe ronita 1437 he left the face he may
well pay they throw everything right off
the timber where's the bad
come it's got to come soon enigmas gone
there's no black hole there is an echo
oh well nous devons burning bills that's
not enough for DK they're actually
getting overrun the chain frost comes
through there's no timber there's a buy
back from the morph who wants to rejoin
the fight and where's the opening for
birdie he's going to walk back down mid
he's not even close to engaging what at
our splitter what an echo mercy please
I'm my chops allure now they got to jump
in this is a littler engaging onto and
they pay lose their enigmas betrayed but
a Cubs truck echo to connect only
Atlantis this done won't come on himself
and he will goes out I say sighs all
y'all again litter the chain processes
there again canceling the black hole and
annihilating at least the Enigma but do
they find more is the question the more
please get a jump back in burning kills
off one now looks for core out who's on
the retreat out and he's being pursued
and when Nabi us are trying to run their
kind of struggle against the chasers the
racks are exposed can they hold sir Sir
marchi and bottom plated DK they need a
win bed and they can tell they could
smell it they can taste it it's getting
close but it's not here yet incomes
fogged again focus on Bernie's eye on
the prize can they finish them up he's
still got 5x we're gonna have to fight
their way through toys they haven't done
it yet another stop so far these
get a man to dodge throat and blows up
snake a so Kane has fallen and of us are
being overrun in comes the spirit still
not enough support play banking on
focusing on the rain tracks now they go
in again they get the male 8 the range
dropping lo hasn't called yet in DK will
sound the retreat they lost ice ice ice
for that one by one objectives fall it
may take 10 minutes in between them but
it's always DK taking the objectives now
the u.s. it's a grueling effort to hang
on again ice ice ice into the front line
just SAT back and look to go finally
burning commit but they got to be
careful burning does it have buy back
the echo
dilution what if disaster for Cora not
with the doctor ordered for Navi and now
they're being run over boo she takes a
few auto attacks they still haven't
actually taken the wreck snaky trim it
back to the well the chakram comes out
zoning them off that's the third later
bragging fix bug melee brought down
range through the fall they're kiting
around these timber stop the elder plane
stops they can't do it DK finally get a
win on day three but man did they have
to work for it or 10 that's that was
exhausting just to cast that was a
really it was a pretty amazing game to
watch just because DK play you can play
a clearly superior early game great
movements great decision making the
objectives they get extremely far ahead
and then with the 25,000 gold lead they
struggle to end the game for 20 minutes